-*- mode:outline -*-

* Scan from notes field
* Support Action Names and Datebk3 Icon(customizable)

* From :  Jim (Jim_Bahosh@yahoo.com) 
1. I would like to see the notification format changed so that the HappyDays
flag is at the very end of the entry.
 That way when events are viewed in DB3 it would be more likely that the # of
years might be visible (instead of
 the HappyDays flag). Maybe put the HappyDays flag into the note field instead
to keep the actual notification less
 cluttered.

 2. I would like to be able to pick a DB3 icon for the other events, not just
birthdays (Perhaps some type of list that
 would have an event title and associate it with a specific icon in DB3)

 3. The last names of people need to show up in the list & notifications. (I
did notice that when I sort the list by
 name, it is sorted correctly by last name eventhough the last name is not
visible!)

 4. I would like to see it an option to display (or not display) the brackets
[] in the notification entry, or even an
 option to have the entire entry surrounded by the brackets if they cannot be
eliminated (it just kind of seems busy
 having the brackets, the HappyDays flag, the event type, and then the
parentheses for the age. 


* From : Dieter Pellkofer (dieterp@patente.de) 
Only the day and the month, but not the year is redundant in the date book
entry. I would, therefor, prefer that the year is shown in the
 datebook entry (if the event is created as repeating event). By showing the
year it is easy to know how old the person will be on this
 day. This is of course not necessary with not repeating events since in this
case the actual age can be shown in the datebook.

It's right for Father's_Day but now all family birthday entries (I mean the
cases, when I have several people in the birthdate field of
 my address book using "*" and the first name) are created without the
surname. Only the first name is shown in the HappyDays list view,
 the HappyDays detail view, the exported memo pad entry and even in the
created datebook entry. If you know several people having
 the same fist name you never know whose birthdate is...
 Could it be a solution to create an address book entry for the anniversaries
by inputting "Anniversary" not in the surname field but for
 example in the "title" or "company" field leaving the surname field blank.
Thus, the anniversaries will be shown without "surname" and
 the names of real person will be shown with the surname.

On further suggestion for the next release:
 It should be easier to switch in the list view between name and date sorting.
One quick solution could be to have one (toggle) menu
 option or two menu options (one for date and one for name sorting) which can
be accessed with a shortcut. If the shortcut does not need
 to be preceeded by the "/" (as some programs do it) by input only one
character the sorting could be switched.

* From: "TING, Bevan" <bting@westpac.com.au>
Also, another to-do is to give option of whether a user prefers "Event,
Korean New Year" or "Korean New Year". :-D

* From : Jeffrey Krzysztow
I use an Address Replacement call TealPhone. How to I get HappyDays to use it
instead of the built-in?

